Matviews (#328)
CrunchyData/pgmonitor: postgres_exporter/linux/crontab.txt

# Copyright © 2017-2023 Crunchy Data Solutions, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
#
###
# The below script must be run as a user with the pg_read_all_data role or a superuser. You may have to adjust your pg_hba.conf to allow this and/or use a .pgpass file

> # By default only scans and stores statistics for objects that are at least 1GB in size. Adjust as needed. Set --quiet twice to suppress all output.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# By default only scans and stores statistics for objects that are at least 1GB in size (--min_size). Setting --quiet twice, as shown, suppresses all output.
```

# 08 03 * * 0 /usr/bin/pg_bloat_check.py --quiet --quiet -c "dbname=postgres user=ccp_monitoring" --min_size=1073741824

> # If using the materialized views for certain metrics, set the below cronjob to run at least as often as the lowest configured interval

Reviewer: > lowest configured interval
is that scrape interval? or some other interval?

Author: The interval in the configuration table below

Author: Updated to say "refresh interval"

> # If collecting per-database metrics, will need a crontab entry for each database

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# If collecting per-database metrics, additional entries, one per database, will be needed
```
